Add support for workspaces (#22)
unifiedjs/unified-language-server: readme.md

    processes it using a unified pipeline.
    The stringified result is returned.
*   `workspace/didChangeWatchedFiles`
    — when the client signals a watched file has changed, the language server
    processes all open files using a unified pipeline.
    Any messages collected are published to the client using
    `textDocument/publishDiagnostics`.
*   `workspace/didChangeWorkspaceFolders`
    — the language server processes each file according to the configuration

>     found in the workspace it belongs to.

Author: Not sure what the best explanation of this addition is, open to improvements

>     — the language server processes each file according to the configuration
>     found in the workspace it belongs to.

Reviewer: This is basically the exact same thing as `workspace/didChangeWatchedFiles`

```suggestion
    — when a workspace has changed, the language server
    processes all open files using a unified pipeline.
    Any messages collected are published to the client using
```

Our projects sometimes work with older versions, but this is not guaranteed.

This project uses [`vscode-languageserver`][vscode-languageserver] 7, which
implements language server protocol 3.16.0.

> It should work anywhere where LSP 3.6.0 or later is implemented.

Author: This likely now works. I read through the LSP changelog and I don‘t believe we depends on anything new
